grandma
How is your heart?
Grandma is alright
Have you seen Dr. Moon?
He just left.
His two little sons
It's really cute.
Just like when you were a kid
Did not see
Grandma thinks you and Dr. Moon are a good match
You are a good match
Two little guesses
Grandma, I'm not familiar with the Moon God
And I can't possibly marry you
Because Xiaochun's mother is Xiaoxiao
No, you just want to be a woman
I want to get to know you
Grandma, rest well.
Continuous Month Doctor
Let him treat a small illness
Mr. Li
Doctor Moon let Lin Xiaoxiao live a great life
He is not a great doctor in this world
Find me another family doctor
Change to the old lady at any time.
And thank you.
Aunt grandpa
You asked me to go to Li's house as a family doctor